README.md, before:

# Introduction

## General Information
- Each workgroup has at least one **status call** every two weeks
- **Every Committer** must attend the status call
- Each workgroup has one leader - this leader is elected every 6 month by all decision makers whitin the workgroup(re-election possible)
- Decisions within a workgroup are made by the Committers on democratic basis (unanimity)
- Contributors contribute to the projects but do not have a vote
- Contributors can apply to get a vote and become a Committer
- Committer pick Contributors to become Committers (Committees have to agree)

## Workgroup Member

| Workgroup  | Member Name | Role |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| Data and Domain Models  | Susanne  | **Committer & Lead**  |
|  | Lutz  | Committer  |
|  | Josef  | Committer  |
|  | Hansjörg  | Committer  |
|  | Raphael  | Committer  |
|  | Selim  | Contributor  |
|  | Jürgen  | Contributor  |
|  | Renat  | Contributor  |

## Workgroup Content

| Workgroup  | Architecture |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Content  | Domain Model |
|  | Master Data Model(s)  |
|  | Data Mapping  |
|  | Data Hub & Standarization of the data model  |
|  | Backlog Data-Hub & data model  |  
| APs | 2.08 |
|  | 2.10 |
|  | 2.12 |

## Contribution

Before you contribute, please read the [contribution guideline](https://github.com/openintegrationhub/data-and-domain-models/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

Add table of content and additional information

README.md, after:

# Introduction

## Table of Content
- [General Information](#general-information)
  - [Leader](#leader)
  - [Commiters](#committers)
  - [Contributors](#contributors)
- [Workgroup Member](#workgroup-member)

- [Workgroup Content](#workgroup-content)

- [Contribution](#contribution)

## General Information
- Each workgroup has at least one **status call** every two weeks
- **Every Committer** must attend the status call

### Leader
- Each workgroup has one leader - this leader is elected every 6 month by all Committers within the workgroup (re-election possible)
- The leader moderates discussions, documents decisions and coordinates activities, content and appointments
- Only the leader is allowed to merge content into the master branch
- Is part of one of the comittees

### Committers
- Decisions within a workgroup are made by the Committers on democratic basis (unanimity)
- Committers can chosse which contributors shall become committers (Committees have to agree on choice)
- Need to actively contribute to the workgroup

### Contributors
- Contributors contribute to the projects but do not have a vote
- Contributors can apply to get a vote and become a Committer


## Workgroup Member

| Workgroup  | Member Name | Role |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| Data and Domain Models  | Susanne  | **Manager & Committer**  |
|  | Lutz  | Committer  |
|  | Josef  | Committer  |
|  | Hansjörg  | Committer  |
|  | Raphael  | Committer  |
|  | Selim  | Contributor  |
|  | Jürgen  | Contributor  |
|  | Renat  | Contributor  |

## Workgroup Content

| Workgroup  | Architecture |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Content  | Domain Model |
|  | Master Data Model(s)  |
|  | Data Mapping  |
|  | Data Hub & Standarization of the data model  |
|  | Backlog Data-Hub & data model  |  
| APs | 2.08 |
|  | 2.10 |
|  | 2.12 |

## Contribution

Before you contribute, please read the [contribution guideline](https://github.com/openintegrationhub/data-and-domain-models/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
