Protocols/2017-12-15WorkgroupTelko.md, before:

# Protocol

**Attendess:** Andreas G., Lutz, Hansjörg, Josef, Raphael, Philipp (minute taker)

**Absent:** Josef

## Workshop Protocol (from 11.12.2017)
[2017-12-11Telko.md](https://github.com/openintegrationhub/Data-and-Domain-Models/blob/master/Protocols/2017-12-11Telko.md) - accidentally merged already due to [DecisionsMade.md](https://github.com/openintegrationhub/Data-and-Domain-Models/pull/21)

- ...

## Results for the 1st milestone
[Provide deliverables on basis of Lutz' suggestions (Tool + Schema)](https://github.com/openintegrationhub/Data-and-Domain-Models/issues/19)

### Lutz
- Wasn't able to provide a json schema until now because of illness
- JSON Schema has priority no.1 from now on
- Provided a [Data Model](https://github.com/openintegrationhub/Data-and-Domain-Models/blob/master/DataModels/DataModels.md) which includes the description of the OIH datasets.

### Hansjörg
- Provided a [UML diagram](https://github.com/openintegrationhub/Data-and-Domain-Models/blob/master/MasterDataModel/Assets/OIHDataModelAdressesUML.png) on basis of the previous elaborations and the provided by Lutz.
- Lutz: Field (String, enumartion etc.) so specify the sort of the address.
- Lutz: The Fields like _street_, _streetNumber_, _unit_, etc. can be modeled as attributes within the addresses
- The idea behind the object `relations` shall be generic

## Regulations for the 1st milestone - official
TBD [Provide the regulations on how to design a generic domain model](https://github.com/openintegrationhub/Data-and-Domain-Models/issues/22)

- What is the purpose of the `regulations`? What exactly is meant by `regulations`?
- Define regulations per domain and/or define them for all models (such as UML, JSON etc.)
- Regulations for the different domains have to be written down
- Overarching regulation: `Header (OIH Dataset)` is set for all domains


## Regular Meetings - calls
Fixed GoToMeeting every two weeks - when?

- To be determined

## 1st Workshop in 2018
Alternative date at the 3rd KW'18 - possible?

- To be determined

## Next Steps
- [ ] Provide a JSON Schema **Lutz** till **19.12.2017**
- [ ] Write down concrete attributes and update UML diagram **Hansjörg** till **15.12.2017**
- [ ] Reconcilation of Hansjörg's results and afterwards provide the results on GitHub **Lutz, Hansjörg, Josef (Suggested)** till **15.12.2017**
- [ ] [Provide the regulations on how to design a generic domain model](https://github.com/openintegrationhub/Data-and-Domain-Models/issues/22) by @lashauer @hschmidthh @JosefBraeuer 
- [ ] Remove ZenHub broadcast functionality about its Board activities - for Slack **Raphael** till **15.12.2017**
- [ ] Next appointment **19.12.2017** at **10:00 am**

Commit message:

Add supplement from subsquent conversation

Protocols/2017-12-15WorkgroupTelko.md, after:

# Protocol

**Attendess:** Andreas G., Lutz, Hansjörg, Josef, Raphael, Philipp (minute taker)

**Absent:** Josef

## Workshop Protocol (from 11.12.2017)
[2017-12-11Telko.md](https://github.com/openintegrationhub/Data-and-Domain-Models/blob/master/Protocols/2017-12-11Telko.md) - accidentally merged already due to [DecisionsMade.md](https://github.com/openintegrationhub/Data-and-Domain-Models/pull/21)

- ...

## Results for the 1st milestone
[Provide deliverables on basis of Lutz' suggestions (Tool + Schema)](https://github.com/openintegrationhub/Data-and-Domain-Models/issues/19)

### Lutz
- Wasn't able to provide a json schema until now because of illness
- JSON Schema has priority no.1 from now on
- Provided a [Data Model](https://github.com/openintegrationhub/Data-and-Domain-Models/blob/master/DataModels/DataModels.md) which includes the description of the OIH datasets.

### Hansjörg
- Provided a [UML diagram](https://github.com/openintegrationhub/Data-and-Domain-Models/blob/master/MasterDataModel/Assets/OIHDataModelAdressesUML.png) on basis of the previous elaborations and the provided by Lutz.
- Lutz: Field (String, enumartion etc.) so specify the sort of the address.
- Lutz: The Fields like _street_, _streetNumber_, _unit_, etc. can be modeled as attributes within the addresses
- The idea behind the object `relations` shall be generic

## Regulations for the 1st milestone - official
TBD [Provide the regulations on how to design a generic domain model](https://github.com/openintegrationhub/Data-and-Domain-Models/issues/22)

- What is the purpose of the `regulations`? What exactly is meant by `regulations`?
- Define regulations per domain and/or define them for all models (such as UML, JSON etc.)
- Regulations for the different domains have to be written down
- Overarching regulation: `Header (OIH Dataset)` is set for all domains


## Regular Meetings - calls
Fixed GoToMeeting every two weeks - when?

- To be determined

## 1st Workshop in 2018
Alternative date at the 3rd KW'18 - possible?

- To be determined

## Next Steps
- [ ] Provide a JSON Schema **Lutz** till **19.12.2017**
- [ ] Reconcilation of Hansjörg's results and afterwards provide the results on GitHub **Lutz, Hansjörg, Josef (Suggested)** till **15.12.2017**
- [ ] [Provide the regulations on how to design a generic domain model](https://github.com/openintegrationhub/Data-and-Domain-Models/issues/22) by @lashauer @hschmidthh @JosefBraeuer till **15.12.2017**
- [ ] Write down concrete attributes and update UML diagram **Hansjörg** till **15.12.2017**
- [ ] Supplement from a subsequent converstion: the UML diagrams for addresses and products will be converted into the provisioned JSON 'tree structure' **Hansjörg, Josef** till **19.12.2017**  
- [ ] Remove ZenHub broadcast functionality about its Board activities - for Slack **Raphael** till **15.12.2017**
- [ ] Next appointment **19.12.2017** at **10:00 am**
